---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cleura_shoot_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-cleura"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cleura_shoot_cluster (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Gardener service must be enabled in the project
data "openstack_identity_project_v3" "gardener_project" {
  provider = openstack
  name     = "My project"
}

resource "cleura_shoot_cluster" "test" {
  project            = data.openstack_identity_project_v3.gardener_project.id
  region             = "sto2"
  name               = "my-cluster"
  kubernetes_version = "1.28.6"
  provider_details = {
    worker_groups = [
      {
        worker_group_name = "shdjkp" # max 6 characters
        machine_type      = "b.2c8gb"
        min_nodes         = 1
        max_nodes         = 2
      },
    ]
  }

  hibernation_schedules = [
    {
      start = "00 18 * * 1,2,3,4,5"
      end   = "00 08 * * 1,2,3,4,5"
    },
  ]
}
output "cluster" {
  value = cleura_shoot_cluster.test

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the shoot cluster
- `project` (String) Id of the project where cluster will be created.
- `provider_details` (Attributes) Cluster details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provider_details))
- `region` (String) One of available regions for the cluster. Depends on the enabled domains in the project

### Optional

- `gardener_domain` (String) Gardener domain. Defaults to 'public'
- `hibernation_schedules` (Attributes List) An array containing desired hibernation schedules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hibernation_schedules))
- `kubernetes_version` (String) One of the currently available Kubernetes versions
- `maintenance` (Attributes) Configure maintenance properties (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `hibernated` (Boolean) Show current hibernation state of the cluster
- `last_updated` (String) Set local time when cluster resource is created and each time cluster is updated.
- `uid` (String) Unique cluster ID

<a id="nestedatt--provider_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_details`

Required:

- `worker_groups` (Attributes List) Defines the worker groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provider_details--worker_groups))

Optional:

- `floating_pool_name` (String) The name of the external network to connect to. Defaults to 'ext-net'.

<a id="nestedatt--provider_details--worker_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_details.worker_groups`

Required:

- `machine_type` (String) The name of the desired type/flavor of the worker nodes
- `max_nodes` (Number) The maximum number of worker nodes in the worker group
- `min_nodes` (Number) The minimum number of worker nodes in the worker group.
- `worker_group_name` (String) Worker group name. Max 6 lowercase alphanumeric characters.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for taints nodes
- `image_name` (String) The name of the image of the worker nodes
- `image_version` (String) The version of the image of the worker nodes
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for worker nodes
- `taints` (Attributes List) Taints for worker nodes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provider_details--worker_groups--taints))
- `worker_node_volume_size` (String) The desired size of the volume used for the worker nodes. Example '50Gi'
- `zones` (List of String) The desired size of the volume used for the worker nodes. Example '50Gi'

<a id="nestedatt--provider_details--worker_groups--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_details.worker_groups.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Effect for taint
- `key` (String) Key name for taint. Must adhere to Kubernetes key naming specifications
- `value` (String) Value for taint. Must be within Kubernetes taint value specifications




<a id="nestedatt--hibernation_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hibernation_schedules`

Optional:

- `end` (String) The time when the hibernation should end in Cron time format
- `start` (String) The time when the hibernation should start in Cron time format


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance`

Optional:

- `auto_update_kubernetes` (Boolean) Toggle wether or not to allow automatic kubernetes upgrades. Defaults to 'true'
- `auto_update_machine_image` (Boolean) Toggle wether or not to allow automatic machine image upgrades. Defaults to 'true'
- `time_window_begin` (String) Set when time windows for upgrades should begin, defaults to '000000+0100'
- `time_window_end` (String) Set when time windows for upgrades should end, defaults to '010000+0100'


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Shoot cluster can be imported by specifying sequentially cluster_name,region_name,project_id
terraform import cleura_shoot_cluster.test_import cluster_name, region_name, project_id
```
